hello ladies and gentlemen and welcome
to my review of international man of the
match Wolcott IV Almighty he came on
impact sub managed to get a goal and
played really well for England on that
one game when he came on but he's got
some crazy crazy pace on him
86 player right wing as always and I
mean there's one where he's a striker I
believe but they've decided to put him
his right wing 98 rated pace 81 shot is
he said passing 90 dribbling those are
all really solid stats and he's 86 rated
so no he shouldn't really cost as much
as he does I mean take a look at that
264,000 on the Xbox 323 on the ps3 that
is a huge huge gap to be honest between
the xbox and ps3 and as far as card
weight goes he is he's in the middle
like he's not super rare but he's also
not super popular as well but when you
guys are currently looking at the
trading graphs very similar to be honest
with you as you can see on the 25th of
June they almost there was two of them
actually that went for under 150 K coins
which is really really bizarre
especially on the same day but as far as
the trend goes they seem to be staying
the same on the ps3 though it seems that
some people are buying him for a little
more than he's worth and his price seems
to be rising a little bit and I reckon
it will rise a little bit more at least
they're the same as a day's goes goes on
because he'll become more rare rare as
time goes so it'll be interesting it'll
be interesting to see how he whether he
becomes more expensive or not but you
guys keep an eye on that but we come to
the in-game stats the one the only
in-game stat and those are really really
nice that's 90 ball control nineteen
nine crossing I think that is and 97
finishing 92 dribbling I mean he's got
some really solid stats there but of
course the big things that we all know
Walcott 4 is his pace there's a
three-star weak foot which is a huge
disappointment but that makes a but the
four-star and skills really doesn't make
up for it but take a look at their 99
acceleration and 99 sprint speed so
you're thinking right now holy crap he
is gonna be an absolute wizard on this
pitch he's really agile he's got
incredible pace all you've got to do is
just bomb it down the wings and to be
honest with you that's what I tried to
use him with but
have to admit guys I could honestly name
about 20 faster players in him for some
reason he just doesn't feel fast at all
and take a look at that for a chip the
keeper was obviously just wanting salt
as he watched that just go over his head
that is just shameful for the keeper but
and yeah he's actually he's actually got
really really good finishing that's
probably his strongest thing for me you
know don't get me wrong he's got a
pretty good shot it's a little bit
inconsistent to be honest with you
but the biggest letdown for me maybe
it's because I was expecting so much but
for me I was honestly expecting him to
feel a lot quicker than he does you know
that's his big trait you know he's a
speedster and for me like he gets past
players pretty well you know don't get
me wrong at all he is fast but for what
is that say he just doesn't get away he
doesn't accelerate nearly as fast that's
usually the biggest issue with players
is that and you know they they have
really good sprint speed but their
acceleration could be really slow so it
takes him a long time to get up to their
top speed but I mean he's got 99
acceleration so he should be getting up
there pretty quick but unfortunately he
doesn't feel fast at all you know this
might be really controversial I don't
know about you guys but I'd honestly
prefer Lennon to Walker it's just maybe
it's because the way I play or whatever
but he just doesn't feel fast at all if
you want to use Walcott when I highly
recommend the way you you should be
using them is simply to bomb down the
wings and cross it in and to be fair
that was probably the nicest goal I
scored with him in fact it was the first
goal I scored with him an absolute
rocket it went straight down the middle
of the goal as well but like I was
saying his shot is really quite
inconsistent but if you really want to
use Walcott to his maximum effectiveness
I suppose bomb it down the winger make
sure you have a tall player like maybe
Gomez ziget you know people like that or
something and just make sure you have
him in the middle because that's
probably where Walcott most effective
now for me I cut inside a lot just to
give you guys let you guys see you know
me scoring with him but if you wanted to
use him to his best abilities bomb it
down the wings and crossing him
so to summarize pretty much the good
thing about him is his fantastic
finishing honestly he finishes so many
great balls he's got he can finesse from
inside the box so don't get me wrong his
finishing is absolutely immense the bad
thing about him is yes he's a fast
player in fact he is
very fast but there are far faster out
players out there with were stats than
him which really quite confused me to be
honest with you but that's just the way
it was and the ugly thing about him is
his price to be honest with you if I was
to purchase this player I might spend
about 100k on him I certainly wouldn't
go up around the 300k marker at all so
there you go those are my opinions on
them obviously guys you all will have
your own opinions and I respect that if
you guys would like to leave your
opinions in the description that would
be awesome but for me he just wasn't
worth that you guys at all a bit of a
letdown of a player but um you know
hopefully he has a good season for
Arsenal next season anyways guys thanks
a lot for watching I hope you all
enjoyed this and if you did then leaving
a comment and especially leave a comment
on what sort of players you'd like to
see me do a review on next um there's a
new team of the week out so I'm keeping
my eye on a couple players there anyways
I'll see you all later and bye bye